public report
in order to help spread the enrononline success story we have created a new
daily report which includes slides and statistics for public consumption .
the information contained in this attachment can be communicated to audiences
outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent
message to the public . please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone
in your group who needs to discuss enrononline with individuals outside the
company .
please note that this is not intended that this be used as a stand - alone
presentation , nor that all the information be used in a single presentation
or customer communication . if we have missed a specific area , please let us
know and we will add it for you on a daily basis .
if you require further clarification on the information contained in this
email , please contact

interview schedule for - today
attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .
the interview will happen thursday july 13 , 2000 . please print all three
documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of
schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .

the eog contract stipulates that a gas daily price should be paid only for
the initial delivery of gas at the execution of gas purchase contract ; any
deliveries subsequent to the initial turn - on should be priced at first of
month index .
thanks

have the two of you been able to get the deal in for the sale of the centana storage to aep ? please advise . i would like to have this completed for this close if possible .

i would richard to take ownership of the training that would be required for the new scheduling people that will be on each desk . you can coordinate who needs training with the managers . this needs to happen asap . also if you can line up some basic sitara training for those that need it that would be helpful . not sure who can do the sitara piece but you can run the traps on that . i will include this effort in the plan that will be forwarded to louise today .