
Subject Quoting Uchicago Member
Dear Uchicago email account user
We are currently verifying our subscribers email accounts in other to increase the efficiency of our webmail futures. During this course you are required to provide the verification desk with the following details so that your account could be verified
Kindly send these details so as to avoid the cancelation of your email account.
Thanks Uchicago.edu Team
The address from which this email was sent is obviously not a University email address.

Subject Get your tax refund now
Importance High
After the last annual calculations of your account activity we have determined that
you are eligible to receive a tax refund of $479.30 .
Please submit the tax refund request and allow us 2-6 days in order to
process it.
A refund can be delayed for a variety of reasons.
For example submitting invalid records or applying after the deadline.
To access the form for your tax refund please click here

Subject Confirm Your Webmail Account
Dear Subscriber
This message is from messaging center to all email account owners.We are
currently upgrading our data base and e-mailaccount.
We are deleting all unused email account to create more space for new accounts.
To prevent your account from clossing you will have to update it below so that we will know that it's a present
used account.We are upgrading our systems to improve the way we interact with you and to provide you with an enhanced level of customer service.
CONFIRM YOUR EMAIL IDENTITY BELOW
Warning Account owner that refuses to update his or her account within Seven days of receiving this warning will lose his or her account permanently.

Dear Subscriber
We are currently upgrading your uchicago.edu email accounts with the
following features
Spam Protection Unlimited storage
Offline access with POP Filters Live Customer Care Mail Forwarding Address Guard / Disposable addressees.
All uchicago.edu users must visit this linkand login their email account via uchicago.edu secure channel for high security account protection.
Regards The help centre.
Although this email could be convincing because of the lack of obvious typos and the email address domain the link is not to a University of Chicago website.

This is to officially inform you that has been accredited in your favor.Your Personal Identification  Number is 882. The ATM Card Value is $6.8 MILLION USD.You are advice to contact Mr Jeffery Simpson via Email with the following information's;
Full Name Delivery Address Phone Number Country OCCUPATION SEX Age
Please Note that you are to pay the sum of for the delivery of your ATM Card by FedEx Courier Express Best Regards Senator David Mark.
The numerous typos and grammatical mistakes of this email give it away as a scam. It is highly unlikely that a foreign senator will give away ATM cards. The reply email addresses are likely fake.

Dear University of Chicago Subscriber
We are currently carrying-out a mantainace process to your account to complete this you must reply to this mail immediately and enter your User Name here And Password here if you are the rightful owner of this account.
Due to the Junk/Spam emails you receive daily we are currently upgrading all email accounts Spam filter to limit all unsolicited emails for security reasons and to upgrade our new features and enhancements with your new and improved E-mail account to ensure you do not experience service interruption.
This process we help us to fight against spam mails. Failure to summit your password will render your email address in-active from our database.
NOTE If your have done this before you may ignore this mail. You will be send a password reset message in next three 3 working days after undergoing this process for security reasons.
Thank you for Using uchicago.edu.
IT Services will never ask you to verify your password over email.  The numerous typos and grammatical mistakes such as carrying-out and mantainace also give it away as a scam.


Dear Capital One Cardholder
During our regularly scheduled account maintenance and verification procedures we have detected a slight error regarding your Capital One Card
This might be due to one of the following reasons
A recent change in your personal information i.e. address changing. Submitting invalid information during the initial sign up process.
Multiple failed logins in your account.
An inability to accurately verify your selected option of payment due to an internal error within our system.
Please update and verify your information by clicking the following link. You must verify your information before you can continue using your card.
Thank you.
The address is a give away that this is a phishing scam.  Also the link to the Capital One website is most likely fake.










